---
layout: single
title: Data Source - Phishtank
permalink: /phishtank/
toc: true
toc_label: "Phishtank"
toc_icon: "code"
sidebar:
  nav:
    - phishtank
    - kaggle
    - shodan
---
**PhishTank data allows organizations to recognize patterns in phishing attacks, which informs the development of targeted training programs for employees. This not only strengthens email security protocols but also enhances the overall security awareness within the organization.**

[https://phishtank.org/](https://phishtank.org/)

### Value as a Data Source
PhishTank provides a publicly accessible database of verified phishing URLs, which is critical for financial institutions aiming to identify and prevent phishing attacks that compromise sensitive customer information. This resource helps to bolster fraud prevention efforts and enhance overall security.

### Data Generator
The data is generated by users who report phishing URLs. Each reported URL undergoes verification by the PhishTank community, ensuring a high level of accuracy and reliability in the data provided.

### Data Amounts
PhishTank maintains a substantial database, consisting of tens of thousands of verified phishing URLs that are continuously updated. This extensive resource allows financial organizations to stay informed about the latest phishing threats.

### Why PhishTank
We selected PhishTank because it directly addresses the critical challenge of phishing in the financial industry. It provides a valuable dataset for training machine learning models to identify and block phishing attempts, protecting both customers and employees.

### Real-world application
Financial organisations implement PhishTank data to create robust email filters that block known phishing attempts, thus protecting customer data and reducing the risk of fraud. This proactive stance is vital for maintaining customer trust.